additional testcases (#16)
SUSE-Enceladus/csp-adapter-rancher-e2e-automation: README.md

NOTE:
The terraform deployment scripts *automatically* create the cattle-config-e2e.yaml with the contents specific to the environment deployed.

The user does not have to change this yaml file unless the user is targetting to run these tests against a different Rancher deployment other than the one deployed by terraform. 

NOTE: To run these tests successfully, the rancher-csp-billing-adapter configuration for the query_interval and reporting_interval must be set
to a value that's reasonable for the tests to validate. Please see 
config.yaml and update_config_csp_billing_adapter.sh to update your billing adapter deployment with the configuration especially the query_interval and the reporting_interval configuration values needed for the tests.

> An environment built with terraform does it automatically for you.

Reviewer: Minor comment nit:

```suggestion
An terraform deployment with `deploy_payg_adapter` set to true will automatically set this up for you.
```

Author: Updated

```
/usr/local/go/bin/go test -timeout 30m -run ^TestBillingPAYGTestSuite$ csp-adapter-rancher-e2e-automation/tests
```
Without the verbose option, you won't see any output until the testsuite finishes.

You can run it in verbose mode with the -v option.
Example:

```
/usr/local/go/bin/go test -timeout 30m -run ^TestBillingPAYGTestSuite$ csp-adapter-rancher-e2e-automation/tests -v
```
NOTE:
The provisioning test in the testsuite is written to clean up any resources it created in AWS.

> This cleanup in the background takes a few minutes (around 10 minutes).

Author: Updated
